M: Hello Mrs. Renuka. My name is Archana and we are from a market research company. Basically, our job is to meet public and know about the products they use and its services etc. There is nothing right or wrong answers, you can just tell your opinions freely and frankly.
R: Okay.
M: We are recording this because it takes a lot of time to write all that you are telling. So, we just record this for our analysis purpose and the whole thing is kept confidentially. You don't have to be worried about this. Can you please give a brief introduction about yourself?
R: My name is Renuka. I'm a housewife. My husband runs an automobile business. I have two children and my parents live with us.
M: Oh! You parents stay with you.
R: Yes.
M: Ok. How old are your kids?
R: My Elsder son is 16 years old and younger sone is 11 years old.
M: What about your parents?
R: My mother is 65 years old and my father is 70 years old.
M: As a housewife, how will you start your day? What all works do you have? When do you usaually wake up?
R: As I have to cook for my kids, I wake up at 6'o clock in the morning and plan and start my work.
M: Ok.
R: My elder son leaves by 8.30 am and the younger one leaves by 9.00 am look after my household chores.
M: Ok. When do you get free time?
R: By 10.30 or 11.00 am, i'll be free.
M: Ok.
R: As I finish-off cooking and other things in the morniing session, i'll be free rest of the time.
M: Ok. Till what time will you be free?
R : Afternoon session i.e till 3.30 or 4.00 pm i'll be free. My son comes home by then.
M: Ok. What do you do in your free time?
R: Watching videos in Youtube, movies, Webseries. Sometime I do stitch for myself.
M: Ok. What do you watch in the TV? What are your areas of interest?
R: Cooking videos, Facts, Mysteries of temples etc.
M: Ok. Where do you watch all these in the TV or Youtube?
R: Youtube.
M: Do you follow any particular channels for the videos related to cooking, temples etc.?
R: I follow Shravani's Kitchen, Your's food lab, Vismai foods.
M: What else do you like apart from cooking, temple details? What other content or topics do you like?
R: I like Temple mysteries, unknown facts. I watch them.
M: Do you use your mobile in your free time?
R : Yes.
M: What do you usually browse? Which apps do you use in social media?
R: Mostly use Whatsapp, watch Instagram reels. Along with youtube videos, I also watch Television also.
M: What do you watch in Instagram? Whom do you follow?
R: Not specific, but I watch all the reels, shorts and so on.
M: Ok. What do you watch more, normal TV channels or OTT?
R: Mostly OTT when compared with TV.
M: Which OTT's do you generally watch?
R: I watch movies in Amazon, Netflix and other videos from Youtube. Sometimes i watch serials from Disney Hotstar.
M: Ok. You have explained about your routine. Everyone have a role and responsibility in the family. If it is in the case of making decisions, who makes the maximum decisions?
R: It's me. I take all the decisions related to the house. I take care of all the things related to my children, husband and my parents also.
M: What all decisions do you make? What all decisions does your husband involve?

R : I take the decisions in the food related things, medicines for parents etc. If they want to have outside junk food, I will tell them that i will make for them at home and give.
M: If you want to buy any things for home, who will take the decisions?
R: Mostly me and my husband only take the decisions. In the case of groceries and general items i take the decisions.
M: Ok. In what things does your husband involve? What role does he play in decision making?
R: As he is into automobile business, he stays busy. In situations like buying big things like TV for home etc we end-up with his decisions.
M: So, he makes decisions in electronic type of things whereas food, groceries, medicines, dresses and all you make the decisions.
R: Yes.
M: Ok. Mrs. Renuka, Do you live in Hyderabad?
R: Yes.
M: Where do you stay in Hyderabad?
R: We stay in Tilaknagar.
M: Ok. Can you describe about your locality? How long have you being living there?
R: Since 40years we are living there. It's our own house.
M: As your's being an own house, so you are living there. How will the locality look like?
R: The area looks good. It is neither too posh nor too low level. The street looks in a medium range. It's nice.
M: What are the facilities over there?
R: We get all the things nearby. We get groceries, vegetables etc very near by.
M: How far are these things available?
R: All the things are available within walkable distance. In 10mins we can go and come to nearby DMart also.
M: So, there is no difficulty in that locality and you are comfortable there.
R: Yes madam. All is well here.

M: Ok. Nowadays, everyone are talking about health related things. If i say about health, What comes into your mind first? What are the thoughts in your mind? What do you think about health?
R: It depends upon the body type. In my view, a person who can do their thing on their own way, without any help from others can be called as a healthy person.
M: Ok. How far are you health consious? What concerns do you about your family and yourself? If want to rate yourself, What do you rate out of 10?
R: 8 out of 10.
M: Ok, very good. Why 8?
R: Because i maintain in that way.
M: What do you maintain?
R: My parents are around 70 years old. I lookafter them that they do their excercise like Yoga, meditation and walking regularly. I feel that the food we give them keeps them fit and helps them to do all these. My mother being 60 years also, she keeps herself fit. In my case also i'm 40+, but i don't have any health issues till now. Same with the case of my husband and children also.
M: Why did you take way those two months? Why do you think so?
R: Everything doesn't go right always, sometimes it may be wrong.
M: Ok. What is your opinion? What happens sometimes?
R: For example , My father is fine now, but he is having BP and sugar. However, we take care, something or the other issues arise.
M: Ok. You mean to say, how much care, things happen in their own way.
R: Yes. Due to age factor, some changes happen in the body.
M: What is your biggest concern on health issues of your family or about yourself? Whose health are you mostly worried about?
R: My parents. As they aged, I mostly worry about their health.
M: Ok. What are the health problems that they are having now?
R: My father is Diabetic and BP patient.
M: Ok. Does any one have other health issues.
R: No madam.
M: As human beings, we do have general small issues, does you people suffer from any other issues.

R: Yes, we do suffer from common cold, body pains due to hectic work and so on. Recently, two months my father suffered with common cold. That's all.
M: Ok. What do you do and how do you manage during these situations?
R: When cold comes for my father, based on the severity we consult the doctor and give the medication i.e syrup or tablet as suggested. Same is the case with my mother .
M: Ok. So you manage with the suggested syrups or tablets.
R: Yes.
M: Your most of the worry is about BP and Sugar. I would like to know about this in detail. When did this BP and Sugar came to your father? What came first BP or Sugar? How did this start?
R: Almost 5 years.
M: Ok.
R: Before that he was fine, but one of my cousin expired before him, he was tensed during that situation and he got attacked with it afer that. Otherwise he was fine.
M: We can do things only if we know about them. How did you know about the point of his attack of BP and Sugar? How did you confirm? Does he had any symptoms? When did you come to know about it?
R: My daddy became very dull, fatigue, weakness, body pains and less appetite. As he was old, we wanted to get him checked, did so. We came to know that he was suffering from BP and Sugar.
M: Firstly, he had all these symptoms.
R: Yes madam. We doubted all these symptoms.
M: Which doctor did you meet first?
R: We consulted our family doctor, Dinesh Bhuto. We know him from a long time. We regularly go to him. We took my father to him, got checked and after diagnosis, he gave some medicines and suggested to use them.
M: What is his specialization?
R: He is a General Physician and Pediatrician.
M: So, he is your family doctor. How long have you been consulting him?
R: Past 20 years we have been visiting him. If we have fever or cold we used to consult him. When my mother-in-law was alive, we used to take her for consultation.
M: Is it a clinic or a big hospital?

R: It is a hospital.
M: Does he work in this?
R: It is very nearby to our house. Recently, they have changed the name to New BBC, Tilaknagar. Few other doctors are also available here. They also perform surgeries over there. Gynecologists are also available.
M: Do you have any ideo of Kishan Rao Hospital in Tilak nagar?
R: Yes. The New BBC hospital is ahead of this Kishan Rao Hospital.
M: Ok. So, you usually visit this hospital. As your father is aged, after checkup concluded the he is having BP and Sugar. Four -Five years back, what treatment did they suggest?
R: They gave medicines for this, along with this they gave some multivitamins also. For BP and to avoid clotting, they have given Ecosprin tablet. They told to use these tablets and asked us to come for regular checkups.
M: Ok.
R: And they also told us to give him diet control food i.e avoid oil foods and to have limited diet and do some walking.
M: Ok. Did you come to know that he is having BP and sugar both at a time?
R: Yes. When checked, both the levels were very high.
M: Ok. Only medicines were given.
R: If it doesn't be under control then, they said the dosage would be increased. The given medication brought the levels under control.
M: Ok. Since 5 years he is using the same medicines.
R: Yes, no change in the medication.
M: How long did they asked him to use the medication initially?
R: They told us to use it regularly.
M: So, no time period like 3 months, they have to be used continuously.
R: For BP and Sugar these medicines are to be used regularly. Need to have checkup regularly.
M: How frequently do you visit for checkup or follow-up?
R: For every 2 to 3 months.
M: Now you are visiting for every 3 months, during past five years how often do you used to visit?

R: Initially, I used to take him every month for the first six months. My father also monitored himself with strict conditions in his diet and going for a walk etc.
M: Have you visited the same doctor for the first 6 months?
R: Yes.
M: When you visited, had he prescribed the same medicine or did he make any changes?
R: As the initially given medicine brought his levels under control, no changes were made in the prescription. He didn't give any high dose or low dose, only gave standard dose.
M: Ok.
R: So, continued the same.
M: Initially, when you visited the doctor for the first time, What did you talk? What was your conversation? What did you say? What were your questions? What did he answer in return?
R: I asked the doctor that my father was healthy before, but nowadays he wasn't doing well now and the reason behind it. The doctor said that there is nothing to worry about, all this was due to age factor, it is very common about the BP and Sugar for everyone. He also said that it can controlled by proper medication and my father also got recovered.
M: Ok. do you have any other doubts regarding the medicines?
R: As doctors they prescribe the correct medication and i do not have doubts with that.
M: Ok. As soon as the doctor prescribed, where did you get the medicines? Have you got them as soon as the prescribed or have you taken some time to buy them?
R: We usually buy medicines in a pharmacy i.e Sai Medicals near Tilaknagar hospital, which is nearby to my house. One year ago, a new Jiomart was started near Tilaknagar hospital, whenever i visited that place, which also has a Netmeds. So, along with the groceries, i started taking medicines from there.
M: with the doctor's prescription, how do you go and ask for medicines in Sai medicals?
R: I used to show the prescription and ask for the same. If same medicine is available then i'll take the same or else if i find the product of any other company with same drug combination or formula also, i don't prefer it. I would just say no to the other product and asks if they can get the prescribed medicines. Once they get them, i used to buy them.

M: What was in the prescription? What did the doctor prescribe for your father?
R: Telma 40mg for BP, Vertistar for Sugar and Ecosprin for blood flow. These are the three prescribed tablets for my father. Morning afterbreak, I give him these tablets.
M: Oh! Had the doctor prescribed the same medicines and in the same way?
R: Yes.
M: Can you please tell about the medicines that you would say no them and the ones similar to the prescribed medicines available in the pharmacy?
R: For example, in Vertistar the other product is available with a slight change of name but same formula and drug combination. They are from a different company. So, i used to ask for the same company.
M: Ok. So you used to say no if the companies are different. You wanted to take the prescribed medicine only. May i know why don't you like the other products?
R: Because the product like Telma from the same company suits my father, i would to go with the same.
M: Ok. Why do you like the same?
R: I don't have satisfaction. I feel that there might be some change and wouldn't prefer .
M: Have you ever come across a situation where Sai Medicals person showing the other products?
R: Not in this case. But when i went it for my sister, they have asked me if i need the other medicine instead of the prescribed medicine. Then i came to know that there would be similar medicines from other companies.
M: Ok. Have you ever experience it personally?
R: One year ago, my father had an eye surgery and i doctor suggested Timulate eye drops before surgery. When i asked for the eye drops, they showed some other drops in which the packing was completely different but the combination was same. But i didn't take it.
M: How did you take it as it wasn't available?
R: I went to the doctor and checked with her and then took it.
M: What did the doctor say?
R: Nothing will happen, this is also fine, as it is compulsory you can go with it.

M: So you recheck with the doctor?
R: Yes madam. I feel a bit tensed in the case of medicines.
M: Ok. What is your fear about? Even if the formula is same medical shop people try to give us. Why do fear in that case?
R: One of my relative came across a situation where she experienced worst reaction when she took medicine for some skin related problem. All her lips, hands, legs became black. Most of the medicines don't suit her. That is why i'm afraid to take new medicine without doctor's consent.
M: Is it ok if doctor suggests?
R: Yes.
M: Ok. You father is regularly following the same medication since 5 years. So, there is no change in the medication all these years.
R: Yes.
M: What will you do when you get common cold, body pains, fever etc?
R: I will go to the doctor and explains all the symptoms that my father is experiencing, and ask her for the medicined to be used. He suggests Sinarest for cold, Tusq for cough. I will take the same medicine.
M: So you take the medicine after consulting the doctor only.
R: Yes madam.
M: Does he write and give or say orally?
R: As i regularly go to him, he tells orally only.
M: Do you generally use the same medicine for cold or do you visit the doctor when ever you get cold?
R: Nothing like that, i observe for one day and if not reduced then i go to doctor.
M: What do you observe?
R: If the severity is more i.e if it is the case of running nose, nose block or so, i visit the doctor.
M: Ok. Based on the severity you visit the doctor.
R: Yes madam. Sometimes in the cold season it may be more. If the season is varying it may go in a day or two or sometimes it may be adverse.
M: Ok.
R: Sometimes i give steam, amruthanjan balm steam for inhaling.

M: So, for one day you try inhaling or taking steam. if for one day it doesn't subcide then you visit a doctor.
R: Yes, that is in the case, if i feel that it is not reducing then we go to a doctor.
M: Please let me know do you use the same Sinarest for cold this month, which was prescribed for the same cold last month or do you go to the doctor again and ask him again?
R: No i don't use directly, as most of them say that the same usage of drug repeatedly is not good. So, I go to the doctor and consult.
M: Whenever your father gets cold, you visit the doctor and take medicine.
R: Yes.
M: Ok. It is ok with your father's case. What about it in your's and your husband's case?
R: When i go to the doctor, i ask him if any of our family members can use this if we get cold.
M: Ok.
R: If he says ok, we will use the same.
M: Ok.
R: I don't use tablets much. I ask and only take the medicine. If one person in a family gets cold, it mostly circulates in the whole family. I ask the doctor if we can use the same medicine and use it. I also ask what is to be used for children?
M: Ok. You also take the same Sinarest with the doctor's consent.
R: Yes.
M: As your kids are 16 and 11 years old, do you use the same medicine for your children? What do you do when they get cold, fever etc.?
R: I my kids have fever, for my younger son, i give crocin syrup and for my elder son i give Dolo 650 tablet or Paracetametol 500mg.
M: Do you give the medicine directly to your kids?
R: No madam, I consult the doctor. Our doctors suggests that if cold or fever goes off in a day or two, these medication is enough and if it continues for more than two days they need to be given antibiotics. Sometimes as soon as they come from school, they can use this in emergency. So, i keep the medicine at home and use it when needed.
M: Own medication can be used for 1 or 2 days. Later need to consult a doctor.

R: Sometimes they may get fever in the mid of the night, at that time we need to give some basic medication, so i keep them at home and when needed.
M: So, you keep the medicine for your kids.
R: Yes madam.
M: Even for your kids or for you, you usually go to the doctor based on severity. For 1 or 2 days you try known medicines and do some home remedies.
R: We try Dolo, Crocin or Crocin pain relief etc for one day.
M: Ok. Is it the same with pains also. What do you do when you have severe body pains?
R: For body pains, doctor suggested Accuplus. When i have severe vody pains i take that. If fever persists along with body pains, I usually take Dolo 650, crocin etc.
M: Ok, You follow the same medication which was suggested earlier.
R: Yes.
M: How about your mother?
R: I give the same Accuplus for my mother also.
M: Ok. As you said you would be keeping some medicines at home, if i come and visit, what all medicines do you keep in stock generally?
R: I keep BP and Sugar tablets for my father, Crocin syrup for my younger son. Dolo 650 or paracetmol for fever and Accuplus also.
M: Do you buy the complete strip of Acculus? So one full strip of Accuplus , Dolo 650 one strip and crocin syrup one full bottle, all these are kept in stock.
R: Whenever they gets finished, i go, buy and keep in stock. All the situation vary, so i keep them for emergency.
M: Ok. How many BP and Sugar tablets do you get for your father?
R: Monthly once or twice. I get all of them for one month.
M: For your father you said you will get them once or twice in a month. When it comes to the turn of other tablets like Dolo, crocin etc, when do you get them? We cannot imagine or expect the requirement of these, So when do you buy them after or before completing the strips?
R: Mostly when they are available in 2 or 3, i buy them. It lasts for a longer period as we don't use them regularly. The expiry date also last for a year time, so buys them when ever the stock is about to complete.

M: So you buy them when they are in 1 or2 in number.
R: For cold and all, i get them based on the requirement. We keep them date wise.
M: You keep them as per the visibility of the expiry date.
R: Yes.
M: I understood about Dolo, crocin and Accuplus. Why do you buy Sinarest only when you get cold?
R: Yes
M: This stock is not kept at home. How many do you get them whenever you buy them?
R: I buy a single sheet of Sinarest which contains 15 tablets. We can take 2 or 3 tablets in a day.
M: So you a strip once.
R: Yes. If we take 2 tablets per day, for 5 days 10 tablets will be over in a single stretch.
M: Ok. Do you keep them in stock again?
R: No. Cold gets reduced by the course.
M: For pain and fever you keep the medincines in stock but not for cold.
R: As it rarely attacks, i don't buy it in advance.
M: How much do you spend monthly for your medicines? What is your father's monthly expenditure for medicines like Telma, Vertistar and ecosprin?
R: Around 1000/-
M: For all the three.
R: Yes.
M: How many tablets do you buy for a month? How many tablets of Telma, Ecosprin and Vertistar does he need in a month?
R: In the case of Ecosprin 30 tablets i.e daily 1 tablet, Telma 30 tablets (1 tablet per day in the morning) and Vertistar 60 tablets (2 tablets per day morning and night).
M: Ok all these costs 1000/- per month. How much do the other tablets costs in a month?
R: Around 150/-

M: Ok. Do you keep anything else in stock?
R: Crocin syrup costs around 75 to 100/-. I buy and keep it in stock. Whenever i use it verify and use it when needed.
M: So you use Accuplus for pains.
R: Yes madam.
M: Where do you keep all these medicines in home?
R: I keep them in two separate boxes i.e one for my father's medicines and and the other box for the remaining medicines.
M: Where do you keep your father's medicines box?
R: In the TV stand, we keep both the boxes. Both can be differentiated and easy to identify.
M: Ok. Do you maintain any other stock apart from these medicines? As you said about Amruthanjan steam, do you keep them in stock?
R: Yes, thinks like Vicks vapour rub, amruthanjan strong etc, i keep it at home. For headache i use it. When we have cold we get green colour steam capsules for breathing.
M: So when you have cold only you get them. Aren't they kept in stock during normal days?
R: No madam. i don't keep them in stock.
M: How many do you get them?
R: 5 or 6 capsules.
M: Do they get finished?
R: If we take daily one or so in 3-4 days they gets finished.
M: Ok. How many Amruthanjan balms and Vicks vapour rub do you keep in stock?
R: One bottle 40/- bottle and one small vicks vapour rub for my son. Doctor suggests to use vicks in steaming process.
M: For how many days do you get them?
R: Uses them for more than a month. We don't use them much.
M: Tablets you buy in a month or two. When would you buy these?
R: Based on our usage, gets it whenever needed.

M: When do you buy it i.e when it is 10% or 20% of the bottle is about to finish?
R: When it is about to finish i.e available for 1 or 2 times, we buy it.
M: In the beginning, you have told about Sai medicals. Please tell me what kind of shop it is? Is it located near to the hospital?
R: Sai medicals is a pharmacy, where we get all the medicines required. It is very nearby to my house. After buying from Netmeds i liked it very much based on the availability.
M: Can you brief about both the shops? Is it attached to the hospital or a bit distant? Do the doctor suggest to take medicines from this Sai medicals only?
R: It is not attached to the hospital, it is a bit far from the hospital.
M: Then why did you go first to this shop or did the doctor say so?
R: It is an old shop, we know them from a long time. So just took the prescription and went to the shop.
M: Ok. You know the shop well and it is being from a long time in your area.
R: Yes.
M: How far is this Sai medicals from you house?
R: It is at a walkable distance.
M: For how long did you buy from Saayi Medicals?
R: Until 3 to 4 years. But for the last 1 year, I have been buying from Netmeds.
M: You said you buy normal medicines such as Crocin, Dolo, Aclo, and other medicines as well. Do you buy all these medicines only from Saayi Medicals or did you also buy from other shops?
R: I used to buy all medicines only from Saayi Medicals. After Netmeds came in, I started buying there.
M: Wasn’t there a supermarket in your area before Netmeds came in?
R: It was there.
M: How long has the supermarket been there?
R: Maybe I think it has been there for 2 years.
M: When did you start going to that supermarket?

R: Maybe for the past 1 and a half years.
M: So after you started going to the supermarket, did you also start buying medicines there?
R: Yeah, I got to know that medicines are available there. I saw it, so I thought why go anywhere else when medicines are available here only.
M: So are you the only one who goes to buy medicines all the time?
R: Yeah, but sometimes I send my elder son to bring them. Still, most of the time, it's me who goes to buy medicines.
M: So you always go by yourself to get the medicine?
R: Yeah, I walk into the store and get them.
M: I've never seen a medical store in a supermarket. Can you tell me about it and how it works?
R: Grocery items are in one section. In the right section, in a small space, they have placed a net meds shop where all medicines are kept. They have set it up in a way so that people who come to buy groceries can also buy medicines right beside it.
M: Did they name the shop Net Meds?
R: Yes, they have clearly mentioned the name Net Meds. They have also arranged the medicines properly and neatly, making it look attractive and easy to identify as a medical store.
M: Is the size of Net Meds shop the same as Saayi Medicals or what?
R: It is the same size.
M: You mentioned that Saayi Medicals has been there for many years, which is why you used to buy medicines there. So, why did you shift to Net Meds in the last year?
R: Net Meds offers a 15 to 18% discount, while Saayi Medicals offers a 20% discount. So, in terms of money, we can save a little at Net Meds while still getting the same brand and genuine medicines. Another advantage is that when I used to go to Saayi Medicals, I had to go there for medicines separately and for groceries separately. But in the supermarket, both tasks can be done in one place, which is beneficial.
M: You also get a little more discount.
R: Yeah.

M: At Sai Medicals, you used to give the prescription the doctor has given. But how is it in Net Meds? How do you approach it there?
R: We are aware of the name of the tablet and its details, right? So, I just ask for that, and we can also give the prescription. Later, after buying, I will check once because MGs or other things might differ. If I say Eco screen, there also will be a difference.
M: What difference?
R: GM, Advance 50, like these medicines will be there. That's why they confirm with us once, so I'll check it again and also confirm with them.
M: How do you approach Crocin, Dolo, Aclo?
R: Normally, by the name itself.
M: How?
R: I ask for Crocin 500mg, then they will give it. Paracetamol also comes in 500mg. So, if I ask for Paracetamol, they give it.
M: So, do you ask for paracetamol or Dolo 650?
R: Both are separate medicines. The doctor has written the name of paracetamol in the prescription for my elder son when he had a fever. So, by seeing the prescription, I ask for the medicine.
M: You said, initially the doctor prescribed paracetamol for your elder son, then later, for fever, you were buying Dolo 650. So, why did you change from paracetamol to Dolo 650?
R: The doctor sometimes used to write Dolo 650, sometimes paracetamol. Both actually work for fever only. Both medicines are equal but the name is different. Paracetamol works for body pains and fever, and Dolo does too. Both were suggested by the doctor.
M: The medicines that you are using for your father's diabetes treatment, if you can find any alternative medicines for the same treatment, would you like to buy them?
R: Yes, I would like to. Are you talking about tablets?
M: Yeah, if I say that other tablets of the same kind will also work for treating sugar, and it is just an alternative medicine instead of these tablets. Would you like to buy them or not? You mentioned earlier that shop personnel used to say that.

R: I actually don’t believe in medical shop personnel. I consult a doctor and take suggestions from them; only then will I proceed. I won't buy anything blindly if the shop personnel suggest it.
M: Why don't you believe the medical shop personnel when they suggest something? What are your concerns and doubts?
R: There is a difference between medical shop personnel and doctors. Many sales representatives come to medical shops to sell their medicines. They advise the shop owners to stock alternative medicines and sell them. Therefore, for profit and pricing margin purposes, medical shop owners keep and sell different medicines. However, we only believe what the doctor suggests to us because they are concerned about our health.
M: Okay, fine. Have you ever heard of generic medicines?
R: Yes, I have heard of them.
M: What have you heard?
R: I heard it is a government-based medicine with a lower cost. But people don't know that they are low-cost, and also they don't have any idea whether those tablets are powerful or if they work. But I heard they are powerful.
M: How did you get to know about generic medicines?
R: There are stores that sell them. In particular, I learned about them in the Telugu film Dhruva, where the story is actually about generic medicines. So from there, I got to know that they are government-based tablets. What some people think about them is that they are low-cost and might not be effective. Not many people know about them yet.
M: What is your personal opinion on generic medicines?
R: As I have never used them, I don’t have much idea. I have seen the movie, and I thought generics would be good. Basically, I have never been to a generic medicines shop.
M: Even though you don't have much idea about them, what are your thoughts on generic medicines? What do you think about them?
R: I think they will be good. A month ago, one of my uncles told me that the cost of generic medicine is low, and it works well.
M: What else do you know about generic medicines?
R: That's all.
M: Haven't you thought about trying them?

R: No, I haven't thought about it yet.
M: Why not? What is the reason? Even though you know their cost is low.
R: That's the thing. There is a concern that because of the low cost, it might not work. That's why I haven't thought about it yet.
M: Why do you think people have that thought?
R: Because there is no exposure to it yet. As it is low cost, people are thinking that it might be a duplicate. On the whole, there is no exposure to it yet, as people don’t know also how it gets manufactured and all.
M: How much understanding do you have over it, except people?
R: I also have the same thought. But still, I don’t know much about it yet. I have seen those tablets, but never thought to buy them.
M: Where will it be available?
R: Like how medical stores are there, that is how those stores are also.
M: In the name of generic medicines, they have separate medical shops.
R: Yeah. But there is no tie-up between normal medicines and generic medicines. They are different, I think.
M: How different.
R: Companies, I mean, like shampoo companies, there are Dove, Shampoo, etc. So in medicine, the formula will be the same but the concept or name will be different. For example, for sugar tablets, the formula will be the same, but the name will be different, I think.
M: If I say generic medicines will be manufactured by normal medicine brands only. So what will you think then? Are you aware of that matter or not?
R: No, I am not aware of that.
M: So would you believe that generic medicines will be manufactured by normal medicine brands only?
R: For that, we have to depend on doctors. Doctors should prescribe them to us. For example, my family doctor, we ask them about everything and all of our doubts because they have the exact information. So if the doctor tells us that generic medicines are genuine and we can use them, any patient will go for them automatically. We don’t go for them by ourselves.

M: So whether it's coming from the brand or the company, it doesn’t matter. What doctors say matters to you.
R: Yeah, only after knowing the brand better, we could think of something. For example, advertisements. So, by seeing the ads on TV, OTT, or anywhere, and observing the details of the product that comes in the ad, we might think to buy. Blindly, we don’t believe. If doctors...
M: So with TV ads and doctor suggestions, you believe it.
R: Yeah. Whether it’s tablets or medicines, for example, there is a brand called ‘Dr. Reddy's’. So if they tell us generic medicines are also made by them and they both are the same brand through a TV ad, then we will believe it.
M: So if Dr. Reddy’s people say Product A is also ours and Product B is also ours, then you will believe it.
R: Yeah. If they say they are tied up with generic medicines, if they say, ‘this is our formula, this is manufactured by us, and we are making it in a generic base’, then people will buy it.
M: You said generic medicines are available at a low cost. What is your opinion on that? Do you think that is positive or negative, generic medicines being available at low cost?
R: If the same formula that is available in regular medicines gets available in generic medicines, and then if the doctor suggests it, then we will go to buy it. As the cost is also low, we don’t worry about anything.
M: Would you also buy generic medicines for treatments such as diabetes, high blood pressure, or pain relievers like Dolo and Crocin?
R: Yeah, if they say generic medicines have the same formula, then I will buy it. Because the cost is low, and the benefits are also the same. So definitely, I will try.
M: Another thing that you mentioned is that generic medicine might not work effectively. So if it is proved that generic medicine will surely work effectively, then also you will buy it, right?
R: Then we will buy.
M: Either Crocin or paracetamol, when it is generic and you know that it will work effectively, what do you do?
R: I will buy. We can go through it.
M: Still, the doctor should suggest it to you.

R: Yeah, the brand name they have to clearly mention, which company manufactured it. Even though it is generic medicine, the brand or company name has to be mentioned on the packet, whether it is a tablet or ointment, like 'through this company, this product has been made'. Then we can go through it. Obviously, there will be hoardings, ads, and all, so when we see it, we believe it and buy it.
M: Except for doctors and ads, through which other persons or things will you believe in generic medicines?
R: Anyone I know, for example, as I said, my uncle told me about generic medicine and said it is good and working well.
M: But still, you haven’t tried it.
R: Yeah, like that, more other persons should say. Then we could believe it.
M: So, only after more persons reference and even after the doctor's approval, you buy it.
R: With ads and doctor suggestions, we can believe it. Person-to-person suggestions, I consider less, actually.
M: What should the doctor say and what needs to be told in the ad so that you will buy generic medicine?
R: Bio data first thing, how it is manufactured, how it comes to the market, and how it works on the human body. These things have to be told primarily.
M: You mentioned that how medicine works on the human body has to be explained. So, assume for sugar treatment, how would you like it to be explained?
R: Not only for sugar, I am talking about all medicines. What they have to say is, "Generic medicine will be manufactured with the same formula, from the same brand or company." It is genuine, and because of using this, no side effects will happen. The benefit is that it is available at a lower cost. Also, they have to mention that generic medicine is tied up with the same medicine brands that are available presently. Then we will believe it.
M: At what price and discount would you like to buy it?
R: If the price is 100rs, we want it for 60rs, so a 40% discount would be good.
M: What if only a 10% discount is given?
R: Then we can't opt for generic, as that much discount is very low.
M: In normal medicines, you are getting a 20% discount.

R: Yes. So a 10% discount on generics would be less. If we opt for that, it would be a waste. Instead, we can stick to the regular medicine brands that we trust.
M: Don’t you have any doubts or concerns if a 40% discount is offered on generics?
R: No, because the price is low, right? Also, they are saying generics have the same formula and come from the same previous brands.
M: If there is any change in the formula of the medicine or in the ingredients, would you consider buying generics?
R: No. The formula and ingredients have to be the same. If there are any changes, then we can't buy them because that might affect health.
M: With a 40% discount, you will believe it, but how much discount would generally make you not believe it?
R: In 100rs, if they are giving a 70% or 60% discount, then we will have doubts because the value of the medicine might have decreased. Validity is one thing; for example, if the expiry date is until 2024, we will doubt that they are trying to sell the medicine quickly to complete it before 2024.
M: Near expiry, you mean?
R: Yes, for the reason to finish the medicines in 2 to 3 months because they might not be able to return them.
M: So, have you heard of these names: Dava India, Dava Dose, Jeeno Health, Generic, Aadhar, G Lapse?
R: I know Generic and I have heard of G Lapse, but I don't know the rest.
M: Have you ever visited these types of stores?
R: I have never visited, but it is on our road; they have clearly mentioned "Generic."
M: Just to clarify, do you think generic medicines have a shorter expiry?
R: No. But it is just that we don’t know much about it yet. Still, there was a little feeling I had that generic medicines might have a very short time frame.
M: Which type of people do you think will use generic medicines?
R: People who care a lot about money, lower-class people, people who have a lot of financial problems.
M: Which type of people do you think will not use this medicine?

R: High-class people. People who do not like to take risks. People who worry about what might happen.
M: What other stores are there on your road?
R: Many medical stores are there.
M: Which type?
R: Normal ones, Sagar Medicals beside Kishan Rao Hospital, Dinesh Medicals, so a total of 10 medical stores are nearby.
M: Are there any other kinds of medical stores?
R: That’s all, Sai Ram, Dinesh, Generic, Med Plus, Apollo Pharmacy also. So, a total of 10 shops are there in one area.
M: So, is there an Apollo Medical near you?
R: Yes, it is near Tilak Nagar Hospital.
M: Have you ever bought medicine at Apollo Medical?
R: No.
M: Even though there are 10 shops near you, why haven't you gone to those shops?
R: Because from the beginning, I used to go to the same shop, and I used to pass by that way. Later on, I shifted to the supermarket for groceries. So, I didn’t get the chance to go to other shops.
M: Have you heard of Astor Pharmacy?
R: No.
M: What is the difference between normal medical stores and Apollo Pharmacy?
R: Apollo is a little bigger, with glass coverings, so it looks good. Normal stores do not have such features; they remain normal. Apollo and MediPlus have a similar setup, with a good system, and 3 to 4 staff members.
M: Is there any difference in terms of products other than the setup?
R: The products could be the same, but there might be a difference in margins.
M: How?
R: In terms of discounts, I mean. The medicines will be the same.

M: Where will you get good discounts, in Saayi Medicals kind of stores or Apollo kind of store?
R: I never went to Apollo, but in Saayi Medicals, as I said, there is a 15 to 18% discount, and in Net Meds, there is a 20% discount.
M: Although Apollo is near to you, what is the reason for not giving a visit there?
R: The medicines I need are available here only. So I didn’t get the chance to visit there.
M: Which one is nearer, Apollo or Saayi Medicals?
R: Both are on the same road.
M: Which one comes first?
R: Starting with Dinesh Medicals on the left, then Med Plus, then Sagar Medicals, and a little further, Generic is there. Then a little further to the right, Apollo is there, and Smart Point is there.
M: As all those shops are very near, why do you particularly go to Saayi Medicals? Do you have any doubts or concerns with other medicals?
R: No, nothing like that. Saayi Medicals, I know them better, I regularly spoke to them, they have been in this place for a very long time.
M: Are they your relatives or neighbors?
R: No. I just know them; they stay here in our area, nearby. So, as I know them, I spoke to them regarding any medical matters.
M: Does that give you an advantage, as they are your neighbors?
R: Yeah, we can ask any doubts. We can ask anything.
M: So you know all about these medical matters, so which medical store do you think might also sell generic medicines? Who can provide those medicines better?
R: Sai Ram Medicals, I think, could sell better.
M: You said there is a separate generic medical store. Do you think other medical stores on your road can also sell generic medicines? If they sell, would it be good?
R: Yeah, it would be good. They can also sell.

M: Which medical store can sell it better? Who is more capable, whether Sai, Apollo, MedPlus, or others?
R: Normal medical shops and NetMeds also, because all types of people come to NetMeds, so if they say it, people will believe it.
M: In generic medical shops, do you have any idea whether they would sell only generic medicines or any other products also?
R: I don’t have any idea about it. Maybe they sell the same medicines, but from different companies, I think.
M: So, you would say anyone can sell it, either Sai, Net Meds, or Med Plus.
R: Yeah.
M: I will show you one idea, just read it and then tell me what you think about it.
M: See this, tell me what it is.
R: They are saying ‘smart savings.’
M: Take time and read it.
M: Exposing AR2.
R: Same quality plus better price equals smart savings on Apollo generics. Diabetic, cardiac, gastro, respiratory, spoke to our pharmacist.
M: So, by seeing this, what did you feel?
R: It is good, as I said, same quality, better price on Apollo generics. Those who have main health issues such as diabetic, cardiac, gastro, respiratory, can buy this. So the concept is good.
M: Regarding what matter are they saying this?
R: They are saying about generics, and through this, we can know that we can approach them about this and we can approach Apollo pharmacist.
M: Which brand are they talking about?
R: They are talking about the Apollo brand. We can clearly see that in Apollo's pharmacy, the pharmacist will explain the details to us.
M: What is the main message they are trying to convey?
R: They are trying to create awareness about generics, which we can understand here.

M: Is there anything you liked here?
R: Same quality, better price, smart savings, so we can save money. But I feel that "more information" should also be written in big letters, like Apollo's generics.
M: You mean you can't see it well?
R: Yeah.
M: What is it that you didn't like here?
R: Nothing.
M: Is there anything that is confusing and hard to understand?
R: I feel generics should come first.
M: How?
R: Same quality, plus better price, smart savings. They have given the right idea. Otherwise, by putting that down, they should keep the ‘on Apollo generics’ above. Then it would be good. It is about Apollo generics we are consulting, right? So, in the beginning, ‘on Apollo generics’ should come first, then in the second, ‘for more information, contact our pharmacist’ should come. The third point should be ‘same quality, plus better price, smart savings’.
M: Why should the heading be ‘on Apollo generics’?
R: Because people don’t have the idea about generics. As this is the idea which is made to make people aware of generics in Apollo, so if ‘on Apollo generics’ comes first, then automatically people try to know what it is. If you write ‘same quality’ first, then people don’t understand it. So, writing ‘on Apollo generics’ matters first, then ‘for more information, talk to our pharmacist’ matters, and then in the caption ‘same quality, plus better price, smart savings’ would be good.
M: So, are there any other confusions?
R: No, that’s the only one.
M: So overall, what message are they trying to convey?
R: As per my knowledge, Apollo people are hoping to bring generic medicines to people. Through their pharmacist, they would tell us the details about it so that we can buy it later. I think they will clear up whatever doubts we have.
M: Next, let's see this.
M: Exposing the code AR1.

R: Same quality, better price, savings on health, Apollo generics. The first line is good, "savings."
M: Why?
R: Because "savings" is a common word among people, right? That's why. The English caption for "savings" is good.
M: Is there any difference between that and this?
R: It is the same, but I feel the word "Podupulu" is hard to understand. Because the word is deeper Telugu word.
M: Okay, so you feel "smart savings" is good.
R: Yes, it is good.
M: Why it is good?
R: Savings word is common among people, anybody will get that.
M: Now see this last one. M: CODE B1
M: ‘Meeruvishrcinchgala Apollo generics nanyata, WHO gmp, amodinchinamariyudhrudikarinchina company lu. Adhikapaduputhomerugainadara, diabetic, gastro, cardiac, respiratory. For more information contact our pharmacist.
R: This is also good. WHO means, it belongs to WHO people. I felt WHO should come first.
M: Why?
R: Because people will believe if you say WHO.
M: What message are they trying to convey? 'Meeruvishrcinchgala Apollo generics nanyata' what does this mean?
R: It is an explanation about the quality of generics. We can feel free, as generic medicine is coming from the brand that we believe in.
M: So you are saying that since WHO is mentioned, people will believe it more. That's why it has to be written first.
R: Yeah.
M: Why didn't you like, why do you want that word to come first?
R: I actually like the 1st concept, this is also good, but I felt that is good.

M: Why did you like the 1st concept more, you mentioned you liked the smart savings.
R: It is about concession many people often think about, as here savings are mentioned, so people automatically get attracted to that.
M: Are smart savings and healthy savings equal? What do you mean by that?
R: I think it means the amount that we spend on medicines and what is saved there.
M: If I say healthy savings, then is there a difference between smart savings and healthy savings? Would the message be the same or different?
R: The two are different. Smart savings come in the form of wise choices, while healthy savings come in the form of health benefits.
M: Which word is more relevant to you?
R: Smart savings would be good. Healthy savings would be a little harder, but it is also good. But more than health, smart savings would feel good.
M: Why do you have doubts about healthy savings?
R: I feel it is a little different.
M: So, to buy generic medicine, which word would be better: smart savings or healthy savings?
R: I think smart savings. I liked it.
M: What is the meaning of smart savings?
R: I can’t explain, but I liked it. Its meaning could be like ‘getting more privileges with less money’. So the concept we can easily understand.
M: So with health savings, you are not getting the feel.
R: Yeah. We feel like we are buying things only related to health, so in my view, I don’t think it is correct.
M: Will you get attracted to ‘Apollo generics quality, WHO approved’, or do you get attracted to ‘smart savings’?
R: Smart savings actually. But if you add WHO to it, then it will be good.
M: What if it is not added?
R: Then also it would be attractive. Otherwise, as I said for the first one, ‘telling Apollo generics and giving the heading’.

M: However, Apollo generics quality is also in English, so don’t you believe it.
R: I liked it actually because quality is there.
M: Now see the screen. I will show you another smart savings. How is it? Would the first one be good or this one?
R: The first one is good.
M: Hello. Renuka garu